All right congratulations you finished the Wordpress theme Project series.
Now you have 10 WordPress themes under your belt which is something to be proud of where I wanted to
do now just go through and touch on what we learned in each theme project.
So the simple theme was really just an introduction to theme building.
We looked at a lot of the different syntax and what files to create.
We set up an install WordPress.
We looked at that the dynamic code that we can use in the head tag we looked at the Main Post loop and
also how to set up widgets.
The advanced team week we took it up a notch and we created the design beforehand and we created just
a regular age html template and then kind of converted it into a WordPress theme.
We looked more at the navigation bar and pages.
We created pages for archived posts and search posts or search results post formats.
I showed you how to create a custom home page and also how to create a comments template and style that
photo gallery theme we use the W3 CSSA framework.
We had a little bit of animation using that framework.
Photo Gallery post layout.
OK so we basically formatted post to look like what you would find in a photo gallery and also category
widgets.
I showed you how we can use widgets and actually override the code and add stuff to them.
All right so the word word strap theme was a Twitter bootstrap theme that we kind of converted into
a WordPress theme.
We use the Nav. Walker menue class which allowed us to use dropdown as the bootstrap elements such as
nav bar panels list groups.
We integrate integrated these as well.
The Commerce theme we use the foundation framework we use the theme customized to be able to upload
a custom logo.
We had our posts were formatted as as product based and then we had a custom showcase widget that we
built from scratch.
OK so the business theme was very clean.
It was an elegant design.
This is where we really jumped into the W.P. customize or API and it showed you how to implement the
customized settings in the theme.
We also used fun awesome for nice icons.
So the clean cut theme we use Twitter bootstrap.
We had a large customizable Showcase area we could use the theme customize or for that social icon customisation
we could add our profile links and so forth.
And we also used animate dots CSSA to give us some nice intro animations.
WP news was a news based theme we use the ink framework which gave us a lot of cool things including
some J Querrey widgets.
We also use custom queries using WP queery the four corners theme was a nice elegant looking theme we
had a custom page home layout.
We used custom queries of course using WP Querrey.
We also use the hover dot CSSA library to give us some nice hover animation especially in the gallery
.
The dynamo theme was was pretty customizable we use the grid Asom grid framework.
We used an slider which was a slide show component and we made it so that we could assign post to a
slide show category and have them automatically show up there.
Same thing with the jey query tabs we could take a category and make turn those posts into tabs in the
on the front page and then we implemented some color customization where we could choose a preset either
light or dark and then we could also change the color scheme.
OK so those are the 10 projects.
I really hope you guys learned a lot.
I know there was a lot of information packed into this course so hopefully you liked it and I will see
you in the next course.
Thanks